Added FAQ question for validation tool (#106)
smart-on-fhir/health-cards: docs/index.md

## How can we share conclusions like a "Safe-to-fly Pass", instead of sharing clinical results?
Decision-making often results in a narrowly-scoped "Pass" that embodies conclusions like "Person X qualifies for international flight between Country A and Country B, according to Rule Set C". While Health Cards are designed to be long-lived and general-purpose, Passes are highly contextual. We are not attempting to standardize "Passes" in this framework, but Health Cards can provide an important verifiable input for the generation of Passes.

> ## How there tools to validate implementations of the framework.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## What testing tools are available to validate SMART Health Cards implementations?
```

Author: Wow, my French Friday afternoon brain went all out on the homonyms train there :)

The following tools are helpful to validate Health Card artefacts:
 * The [HL7 FHIR Validator](https://confluence.hl7.org/display/FHIR/Using+the+FHIR+Validator) can be used to validate the Health Card's FHIR bundle

>  * The [Health Cards Validation SDK](https://github.com/microsoft/health-cards-validation-SDK) can be used to validate the various Health Card artefacts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * The [Health Cards Validation SDK](https://github.com/microsoft/health-cards-validation-SDK) can be used to validate the various Health Card artifacts.
```
